c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Chest.exe.config
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Chest.exe
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Chest.pdb
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPanel.dll
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPanel.xml
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\obj\Debug\Chest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\obj\Debug\Chest.Home.resources
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\obj\Debug\Chest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\obj\Debug\Chest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\obj\Debug\Chest.exe.licenses
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\obj\Debug\Chest.exe
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\obj\Debug\Chest.pdb
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuFormDock.dll
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuFormDock.xml
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuLabel.dll
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPictureBox.dll
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuLabel.xml
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPictureBox.xml
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuTextBox.dll
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuTextBox.xml
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuScrollBar.dll
c:\users\wanga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chest\Chest\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuScrollBar.xml
